All right.
All misunderstandings cleared up.
You ask me
I will also do my best to check
As for finding the devil's mother
Don't worry, the devil has promised me.
He won't hurt anyone again for three days
Within three days
We must lift the dignity of parents
Hey, thank you.
My master gave me an ID card
Let's at noon
Go to Xu Binyan's grave
Stick him on the grassland in front of the grave
Maybe the soul of Xu Binyan will come to help us
Maybe that means he might show up
Master, he is not completely sure
So he went to the border city to investigate Xu Bingyan first
The rest.
Leave it to fate!
Going to a banquet for being imprisoned at home
I ate the public house
The sleeping pills the tree brought him came home
Isn't it that miserable?
Feng Jiashu personally killed his mother
No wonder he asked us to help him find his mother
prisoner
How could Xu Zhinian be imprisoned?
You have to ask the person involved.
I don't know.
Sister Xu, I know the injustice of your death
If you have any grievances, you can show up and tell me.
I will definitely appeal for you.